docs(inputs): Improve focus documentation (#1605)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/editor/overview.md

## Editor Reference and Methods

> The Editor provides methods for programmatic operation. To use them, obtain reference to the component via its `@ref` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Editor provides methods for programmatic operation. To use them, obtain a reference to the component through its `@ref` attribute.
```
